
Things to do:

- LiS Binary Compatibiility:-  Pretty much messed up right now.  I have the
  regparm(0) stuff on the callout and callback functions, and the STREAMS
  Compatibility Modules does regparm(0) on all the lis_ functions.  Primary
  STREAMS data structures align on the first portion of the data structure.
  Sizes vary, so don't do q+1.  Flags are a little different.  There are however
  several problematic data structures: cred_t and the ioctypes: iocblk, copyreq,
  copyresp, and the linkblk.  When you enable binary compatibility mode, it uses
  the LiS versions of these.

  DONE: Needs testing.

- LfS Binary Compatibility:-  A little better.  Callouts and callbacks always
  regparm(0).  STREAMS utility functions are always regparm(3).  Data structures
  are stable for the most part.  cred_t, however, is variable depending on the
  kernel.  Compile with the LiS binary compatibility and the cred_t will be
  fixed size.

  DONE: Needs testing.

- Finish the documentation.

  MOSTLY DONE: updated documentation alot.

- Finish the full STREAMS logger and proper implementation of the strlog()
  utility.

  DONE: Added to strutil package.  Needs testing.

- Need to rework the specfs.  There are now several situations to consider:

  The following four situations require the specfs.

  a) 2.4 kernel without devfs
  b) 2.6 kernel without devfs
  c) 2.4 kernel with devfs but without devfsd
  d) 2.6 kernel with devfs but without devfsd

  The following two situations could use devfs instead of specfs.

  e) 2.4 kernel with devfs and with devfsd
  f) 2.6 kernel with devfs and with devfsd

  The following one situation could use udev instead of devfs or specfs.

  g) 2.6 kernel with udev

  To get this to work requires that there be an independent layer between the
  filesystem providing device access for STREAMS and the STREAMS subsystem.  A
  set of registration functions need to be provided and a common set of callouts
  from the filesystem made to the STREAMS executive.

  The registration functions need to be called when a STREAMS driver loads and
  the filesystem needs to do the right thing.  This also needs to include the
  registration of major and minor devices, including clone devices.

  The callout functions from the filesystem need to invoke the STREAMS device
  file operations in a predictable manner, and the STREAMS subsystem requires
  the ability to chain open calls, or even open STREAMS devices from within the
  kernel (e.g. for pipes and connld and such).

  It is difficult to get the filesystem (specfs, devfs, udev) to hold data
  structures in a manner that is also usable by the STREAMS subsystem, so the
  filesystem adaptation layer needs to maintain data structures in the same
  manner for all filesystems.

  Well,...  After a little investigation, it is all messed up.  udev doesn't
  do what we need when demand loading pseudo devices, and devfs is probably
  not used anymore (I found most production kernels disabled for devfs) so it
  looks like spefs is the way to go.  I might use udev for "real" device
  drivers, but that's just for SS7.  So it looks like we are stuck with mounting
  the specfs.  I notice that ptys still use their own filesystem too...

  So, what we need now is to rework data structures and the specfs to be a
  little more stable.

  DONE: Tested.

- Kernel objects are another thing.  For 2.6 kernels, we need to hold our data
  structures in the kobject manner so that the /sys filesystem is usable.  This
  requires another adaptation layer because 2.4 kernels do this in a completely
  different way.  Much of our /proc filesystem stuff needs to move into /sys for
  2.6 kernels by stay the same for 2.4 kernels.

  The /sys filesystem does not really do much for STREAMS.  The /dev/streams
  specfs filesystem does more for us.

  SKIPPED.

